tools/rosbag/README.md, before:

# rosbag
This is a custom rosbag package which provides all the feature of [original rosbag](http://wiki.ros.org/rosbag/Commandline) with custom freq recording of topics.

## dependency
* Yaml-CPP :- https://github.com/jbeder/yaml-cpp

## how to record custom rosbag
```shell
rosbag record --file-name record.yaml
```
> this only records and throttles down the topics mentioned in record.yaml
## param 
* --file-name: file which has topics for custom recording

## example:- record.yaml
```yaml
# topic_name: freq(double)
# topic_name: -1 (it will be recorded at publish freq)
#           : 0 (it will not be recorded)
# For topic name same regular expressions cli can be used: ex. "/realsense(.*)" : 0
# [used by default rosbag](http://wiki.ros.org/rosbag/Commandline)
# if there is a topic in a namespace which has been excluded using regular expressions: 
#   to record that topic put that topic before the regular expression
"/chatter": 2
"/raw_odom": 1
"/realsense_bottom/accel/sample": 1
"/realsense_bottom/depth/camera_info": 1
"/realsense_bottom/depth/color/points": 1
"/realsense_bottom/depth/image_rect_raw": 1
"/realsense_bottom/infra1/camera_info": 1
"/realsense_bottom/infra1/image_rect_raw": 1
```

Commit message:

latched topic record in every split

tools/rosbag/README.md, after:

# rosbag
This is a custom rosbag package which provides all the feature of [original rosbag](http://wiki.ros.org/rosbag/Commandline) with custom freq recording of topics.

## dependency
* Yaml-CPP :- https://github.com/jbeder/yaml-cpp

## how to record custom rosbag
```shell
rosbag record --file-name record.yaml
```
> this only records and throttles down the topics mentioned in record.yaml
## param 
* --file-name: file which has topics for custom recording

## example:- record.yaml
```yaml
# topic_name: freq(double)
# topic_name: -1 (it will be recorded at publish freq)
#           : 0 (it will not be recorded)
#           : -2 (for latched topics, to keep latched topics in every bag split)

# For topic name same regular expressions cli can be used: ex. "/realsense(.*)" : 0
# [used by default rosbag](http://wiki.ros.org/rosbag/Commandline)
# if there is a topic in a namespace which has been excluded using regular expressions: 
#   to record that topic put that topic before the regular expression
"/chatter": 2
"/raw_odom": 1
"/realsense_bottom/accel/sample": 1
"/realsense_bottom/depth/camera_info": 1
"/realsense_bottom/depth/color/points": 1
"/realsense_bottom/depth/image_rect_raw": 1
"/realsense_bottom/infra1/camera_info": 1
"/realsense_bottom/infra1/image_rect_raw": 1
```
